Wrinkles the Clown
Magnet Releasing
Michael Beach Nichols (director); Michael Beach Nichols, Christopher K. Walker (screenplay)
[174]

Linked page for 'Wrinkles the Clown' (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wrinkles_the_Clown_(film)):
Wrinkles the Clownis a 2019 Americandocumentarycomedy horror filmdirected by Michael Beach Nichols.[3][4][5]The film follows a man known asWrinkles the Clownwho lives inNaples, Florida. For a fee of "a few hundred dollars", he will attend birthdays, scare misbehaving kids, and prank people.[6][7]
The film was released in the United States on October 4, 2019 byMagnet Releasing.
In 2015, a video is uploaded toYouTubedepicting a clown named Wrinkles emerging from beneath a young girl's bed. It quicklygoes viral. In the following months, it is revealed that Wrinkles is a professional clown inFloridawho offers his services to the parents of misbehaving children, showing up to frighten them unannounced as a deterrent to future bad behavior. Stickers bearing Wrinkles' face and phone number begin appearing all over Florida and thousands of people begin calling it for various reasons, from parents wanting to hire Wrinkles to people making death threats. Over the course of the next four years, Wrinkles becomes an object of folklore both locally in Florida and across the United States, with children routinely calling the number either alone or with friends as a sort ofrite of passage. Additionally, further videos appear depicting Wrinkles either frightening people outside their homes or engaging in disturbing behavior, such as waving to motorists from a darkened roadside.
In 2019, Wrinkles agrees to allow a documentary crew to follow him in his daily life and explain his philosophy. Wrinkles is revealed as an elderly homeless man who lives in a van in the woods outside ofNaples, Floridaand spends much of his free time fishing, drinking, and going tostrip clubs, occasionally using the money he makes from his appearances as Wrinkles to check into motels. He claims to have no personal ideology and states that he only works as Wrinkles for the money.
Discussions with Wrinkles are intercut with interviews with a variety of individuals discussing the phenomenon, including a psychologist who debates whether Wrinkles' behavior is abusive; folklore experts who compare Wrinkles to a contemporaryBloody Maryand other mythic rituals that figure prominently in American adolescence; a historian who explores the history of theevil clowntrope, tying it back toPunch and Judy; and a professional clown unhappy with the recent negative attention that Wrinkles and the remake ofStephen King's Ithave brought to the profession. The documentary crew further discusses Wrinkles with a number of children around America who have been impacted by his videos, from a young girl who wishes to fight him to an aspiring horror filmmaker inspired by Wrinkles' YouTube videos to begin conceptualizing his own movies. The documentary crew also examines the Wrinkles phenomenon in the context of the2016 clown sightings.
Midway through the documentary it is revealed that the man the crew has been following is in fact an actor named D.B. Lambert, hired by the "real" Wrinkles, a Floridaperformance artist, to portray Wrinkles'secret identity. Wrinkles explains that both characters were created as part of an elaborate art project. With his face blurred out, the real Wrinkles shows the documentary crew behind-the-scenes footage depicting the making of various Wrinkles videos; he further reveals that he has never actually gone to anyone's house, and that all the videos depicting Wrinkles frightening children were in fact made with the participation of actors. Wrinkles expresses satisfaction with the impact the project has had while contemplating its future, and the role it has had in contemporary American pop culture.
On the review aggregatorRotten Tomatoes,Wrinkles the Clownholds an approval rating of 71%, based on 35 reviews, with an average rating of 6.6/10.[9]OnMetacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 53 out of 100, based on 8 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".[10]

Linked page for 'Magnet Releasing' (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnet_Releasing):


Linked page for '[174]' (https://en.wikipedia.org#cite_note-174):
Pulgasariis an epicmonster filmdirected and produced byShin Sang-ok(pictured)duringhis abduction in North Korea. Filmed in 1985 as a co-production between North Korea, Japan, and China, it is supposedly a remake ofa lost 1962 South Korean film. The story is set during theGoryeo dynastyand centers on Ami (played by Chang Sŏnhŭi), a peasant who animates the fabled creaturePulgasari(played byKenpachiro Satsuma) that her late father contrived to overthrow the monarchy. Intended to capitalize on the success ofThe Return of Godzilla(1984),Pulgasariwas Shin's seventh and final film forKim Jong Il, whose agents kidnapped Shin andChoi Eun-heein 1978. An international ban on its distribution was imposed when Shin and Choi escaped their North Korean overseers to the United States in 1986. The film was ultimately released onVHSin Japan in 1995 and Japanese theaters in 1998, to critical and commercial success.Pulgasariis now considered acult classic. (Full article...)
March 13:Fast of Esther(Judaism, 2025)
St. Paraskevi Churchis aGothictserkva(wooden church) located in the village ofKwiatoń, Poland. It was built in the second half of the seventeenth-century with the tower constructed in 1743. AfterOperation Vistula, thetserkvawas transformed into aRoman Catholicchurch, belonging to theUście Gorlickieparish. Together with othertserkvasin the area, it is designated as part of thewooden tserkvas of the Carpathian region in Poland and UkraineUNESCO World Heritage Site.
Photograph credit:Piter329c
Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by theWikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other volunteerprojects:
This Wikipedia is written inEnglish. Manyother Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below.